Update setup.md for an M3 mac (#58321)
code-dot-org/code-dot-org: SETUP.md

### macOS

> These steps are for Apple devices running **macOS Monterey and Ventura**, including those running on [Apple Silicon (M1|M2|M3)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_silicon#M_series). 

Reviewer: Might be worth it for us to specify a specific major release number of macOS instead of their friendly product names.

```suggestion
These steps are for Apple devices running **macOS 14.x**, including those running on [Apple Silicon (M1|M2|M3) ARM architecture CPUs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_silicon#M_series). 
```

          4. Confirm MySQL has started by running `brew services` again.

4. Install the **Java 8 JSK**

>    1. Install [sdkman](https://sdkman.io/) and instal a suitable JDK 8. Similar to **rbenv** and **nvm**, **sdkman** allows you to switch between versions of Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Install [sdkman](https://sdkman.io/) and install a suitable JDK 8. Similar to **rbenv** and **nvm**, **sdkman** allows you to switch between versions of Java.
```

Author: thanks!
